Fix themes version TODO in docs (#2888)
evidence-dev/evidence: sites/docs/pages/core-concepts/themes/index.md

## Migration

> To enable dark mode in an Evidence application created before v40, add the the following to your `evidence.config.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable dark mode in an Evidence application created before themes was released, add the the following to your `evidence.config.yaml`:
```
